k6registry `v0.1.27` is here 🎉!

This is an internal maintenance release.

- Support for manual version number configuration
- Update versions from arbitrary git repository


**Support for manual version number configuration**

Instead of using the repository manager API, it is possible to manually configure the versions of the extensions. The API of the less common repository managers is not worth supporting, on the other hand, in some cases it may be necessary to control the allowed versions.

If the versions property is specified for an extension in the registry source, it overwrites the automatic version detection.

**Update versions from arbitrary git repository**

The API of the less common repository managers is not worth supporting, rather the available version numbers are detected with local git operations after cloning/pulling the git repository.

The cache directory used for compliance checks, where the git repositories are kept up-to-date, is also used to detect versions (tags).

**Support for import extension properties from other registry**

When creating a custom registry, it is inconvenient (and a potential source of error) to duplicate the data of those extensions that are also included in the registry maintained by Grafana. Support for importing extension data from other registries helps with this.

An optional origin registry URL can be specified with the `--origin` command line flag. If the extension is included in the origin registry, the default values ​​of its properties will be the values ​​specified in the origin registry. To import all the properties, it is enough to specify the `module` property. Properties in the origin registry can be overwritten in the registry source. For example, by specifying the `versions` property, you can specify that only certain versions are included in the generated registry.
